toc: fix links (#2731)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/TOC.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD007 -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->

> - [TiDB on Kubernetes Docs](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.6/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TiDB on Kubernetes Docs](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/)
```
